Psalm 97 the Lord reigns let the earth
Psalm 97 the Lord reigns let the earth rejoice let the multitude of Isles be
rejoice let the multitude of Isles be
rejoice let the multitude of Isles be glad clouds and darkness surround him
glad clouds and darkness surround him
glad clouds and darkness surround him righteousness and justice are the
righteousness and justice are the
righteousness and justice are the foundation of his throne a fire goes
foundation of his throne a fire goes
foundation of his throne a fire goes before him and burns up his enemies
before him and burns up his enemies
before him and burns up his enemies round about his lightnings light the
round about his lightnings light the
round about his lightnings light the world the earth sees and trembles
world the earth sees and trembles
world the earth sees and trembles the mountains melt like wax at the
the mountains melt like wax at the
the mountains melt like wax at the presence of the Lord at the presence of
presence of the Lord at the presence of
presence of the Lord at the presence of the Lord of the whole earth the heavens
the Lord of the whole earth the heavens
the Lord of the whole earth the heavens declare his righteousness and all the
declare his righteousness and all the
declare his righteousness and all the peoples see his glory let all be put to
peoples see his glory let all be put to
peoples see his glory let all be put to shame who served carved images who
shame who served carved images who
shame who served carved images who boasts of idols worship Him all you gods
boasts of idols worship Him all you gods
boasts of idols worship Him all you gods Zion hears and is glad and the daughters
Zion hears and is glad and the daughters
Zion hears and is glad and the daughters of Judah rejoice because of your
of Judah rejoice because of your
of Judah rejoice because of your judgments O Lord or you Lord our most
judgments O Lord or you Lord our most
judgments O Lord or you Lord our most high above all the earth you are exalted
high above all the earth you are exalted
high above all the earth you are exalted far above all gods you who love the Lord
far above all gods you who love the Lord
far above all gods you who love the Lord hate evil he preserves the souls of his
hate evil he preserves the souls of his
hate evil he preserves the souls of his Saints he delivers them out of the hand
Saints he delivers them out of the hand
Saints he delivers them out of the hand of the wicked light is sown for the
of the wicked light is sown for the
of the wicked light is sown for the righteous and gladness for the upright
righteous and gladness for the upright
righteous and gladness for the upright in heart rejoice in the Lord you
in heart rejoice in the Lord you
in heart rejoice in the Lord you righteous and give thanks at the
righteous and give thanks at the
righteous and give thanks at the remembrance of his holy name
remembrance of his holy name
remembrance of his holy name you